Does that mean reserved?
Does it even need to be asked?
He didn't even hum
As you can imagine
How much he hates the baby in your belly
maybe
I'm so disappointed after all
Ah, my son is back.
You are here too
Stop standing and sit
In the future, you and Jin Shi have been married for 3 years
When are you going to have another baby with him?
No, I'm not.
It's you adu
You can't lift any pot without opening it.
The Lu family already has a mute
Do you want to have another little mute when you are sick again?
Do we still want to meet people in the Lu family?
Don't I feel sorry for my brother?
You can't stay with this mute forever
Don't have children
Isn't this going to make our Lu family irreplaceable?
I put the gift here.
I'm leaving first
Don't worry. Let's go!
Anyone else hasn't come yet
Why don't you eat before leaving?
Mom has something to do at the company, I'll go first, you can eat
Zhang Lan walks
What Lu Wanrou said just now
What do you think?
What? Have a baby?
Mom is right
Let's not be born again
Last night?
I didn't do anything wrong.
I took my medicine.